Add concept pages for Scanner and Healing (#1192)
minio/docs: source/operations/data-recovery/recover-after-drive-failure.rst

MinIO supports hot-swapping failed drives with new healthy drives. MinIO detects
and heals those drives without requiring any node or deployment-level restart.

> :ref:`MinIO healing <minio-concepts-healing>` occurs only on the replaced drive(s) and does not typically impact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`MinIO healing <minio-concepts-healing>` occurs only on the replaced drive(s) and in most cases has minimal or negligible  impact
```
